Create CI test (#210)
tock/libtock-c: examples/ci-tests/i2c-master-rx/README.md

# I2C Master RX Test

## Test Description

`test.py` provides the following tests:

### I2CMasterRxTest

This receives message from the device-under-test as I2C Master from the RPi as I2C Slave.

  1. The device-under-test configures itself as I2C master with address 0x40 and awaits button press.

>   1. The test harness presses a button (GPIO toggle) on device-under-test to indicate the device-under-test to prepare interaction and receive message as master.
>   1. The test harness issues an I2C write transaction of 16 bytes and awaits master to send back read data.
>   1. The test harness validates that the data received from device-under-test and sent back to test harness matches the expected string sent `"Hello I'm Slave"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. The test harness prepares a buffer of 16 bytes that it will send in response to I2C read requests from the device-under-test.
  1. The test harness presses a button (GPIO toggle) on device-under-test to indicate the device-under-test should begin issuing transactions.
  1. The device-under-test issues repeated I2C read transactions of 16 bytes, which reads from the test harness.
  1. The device-under-test prints the data received over I2C on the console.
  1. The test harness validates that the data received from device-under-test and sent back to test harness matches the expected string sent `"Hello I'm Slave"`.
```

I re-arranged some of the language here to be a little clearer — I believe this should match what is actually happening, but please verify I got it correct.

## Example Output

      0.000194 INFO -- Initiating I2C Master Rx Test...
      1.017061 INFO -- Setting up for nrf52840dk I2C Master Rx test...

>       1.017617 INFO -- Sending Messages As Slave... 

Reviewer: This is maybe a confusing message for the test application to print.

Perhaps instead of `Sending Messages As Slave...` it should be `Test Harness Preparing to Respond to Read Transactions as Slave at Address 0x41`

A little verbose, but also very clear.
